# Chamonix-Tourist-Attractions
France is one of the most beautiful places to visit, other than that there are many other places like Chamonix and many others cities which make it more mesmerizing. The tourist attractions in Chamonix are very famous worldwide. 
There are few sights on Earth compared to the awesome spectacle of Mont Blanc, the most famous mountain in the French Alps and the also the highest point in Europe. In 1786, Mont Blanc was first climbed by Jacques Balmat and Michel-Gabriel Paccard in 1786, and it is still the dream of many mountain climbers to conquer this legendary mountain. 
Chamonix is in the shadow of Mont Blanc’s majestic snowcapped peak. It is a tourist alpine village brimming with restaurants, café, shops, stylish hotels and old-fashioned auberges. It has also been a world-renowned ski resort ever since the Winter Olympics of 1924. Besides Skiing it the best places to visit in France and Chamonix tourist attractions points are not to be missed during your travel. 
We have mentioned the best things to do in this magical mountain region with the list of top tourist attractions in Chamonix below: 
•	Mont Blanc 
It is the highest peak of the Alps and also forms part of the French border with Italy. Steeping to an attitude of 4810 meters, it is always covered in snow, clarifying why it’s called the “White Mountain”.
Mont Blanc can also be called “the roof of Europe” because of its thrilling viewpoints of the Aiguilles Rouges mountain ranges and Chamonix valley. It is counted in one of the best Ski areas in France. 
•	Tramway Du Mont Blanc
It offers a chance to admire the area’s awe-inspiring Alpine scenery. From the drop-off points in the tramway, outdoor enthusiasts can embark on trails for taking nature walks, hikes, or mountain bike rides. In summers, the highest drop off point, the Nid d’Aigle is open. 
Basically the tramway departs from Le Fayet or Saint-Gervais-less-Bains. It has two stops: Bellevue and Nid d’Aigle. Tourists are awed by panned vistas of Mont Blanc, as well as other mountain peaks, Alpine pastures, and expansive forests are the tramway ascends to Bellevue at 1,800 meters. 
•	The village of Chamonix
In today’s time, Chamonix is a world-famous Ski resort destination, but the town was once just a modest mountain village. In 1741 this place was discovered by two aristocrats, they were enchanted by the charming hamlet, called the “Prieure de Chamouni” tucked away in a valley surrounded by snow-covered mountains. 
Reflecting its history, this village of Chamonix features a mixture of traditional Alpine architecture and more modern buildings. At the center of the town’s pedestrian is a lovely Baroque church. Dispersed around Chamonix are old-fashioned chalets and Belle Epoque hotels, as well as rustic country lodges. 
•	Mer De Glace 
It was discovered by tourists in the 19th century, the Mer de Glace is one of the largest glaciers in Europe. Its French name translates to “Sea of Ice”, which makes sense considering the glacier spans seven kilometers in length. 
If we talk about the first impression of Mer de Glace it can be underwhelming as it’s sometimes difficult to distinguish the glacier from the terrain. However the scenery and the views are sensational. 
•	Aiguille du Midi and Panoramic Mont Blanc Gondola 
It is one of the most breathtaking places to visit in Chamonix, the view point of Aiguille du Midi affords 360-degree panoramas of the Alps. The broad vistas extend to the mountain peaks in Switzerland and Italy. From the highest viewing terrace at 3,842 meters, there is a direct outlook onto Mount Blanc. 
If you want to reach to viewpoint of Aiguille du Midi you need to take the Telepherique de Aiguelle du Midi from the Chamonix town center. This rides usually takes 20 minutes and is filled with scenic views. 
This is the best time for you to plan your travel to France or else you can also plan it in summers. Apply for France visa and once you get it make the list of Chamonix tourist attractions so that you do not afford to miss any of them. If you are an adventuress person this is the best place you can visit, it will not disappointment you at any point of your journey. 
Author Signature:- The top tourist attractions of Chamonix have been described in this blog for travelers so that they do not miss on anything during their travel. I personally traveled to these places last year and loved it. 
